The IT instruction stands for "If-then". This is a thumb instruction used for specifying conditions in the ARM assembly language. This instruction can be used to execute upto four consecutive instructions. 

Syntax: IT{x{y{z}}} cond 
where, cond specifies condition for first instruction in the IT block, x for second statement and so on.

It is necessary that that the statements following this IT statement should all have conditions in them too, just as ARM
instructions do. This is because IT is only a thumb instruction and not an ARM one. So, IT is optional. Thus, for the 
program to work logically correct, both with and without assemblers which support thumb, we have to use conditional codes for 
the subsequent statements. This way, even without the IT command, the program should work excactly as it is expected to. 
One more restriction is that for each 'T' in the IT command, the condition of the instruction should match the 'cond' given
initially, and for each E, the condition should be exactly opposite to 'cond'. Eg: greater-than is opposite to less than,
equal to is opposite of not equal to, and so on.
Eg:
correct:

ITTEE eq
MOVeq ..
MOVeq ..
MOVne ..
MOVne..

not correct:
ITTEE eq
MOVeq..
MOVne.. ; This is a statement corresponding to T and yet it has opposite condition.

So, basically, IT block provides an option to ensure that the following statements match its structure criteria. This is 
actually only used by the assemblers to enforce the order and condition of statement in the IT block. It is removed before 
assembling.

With this bacground about the IT construct, we can understand why the CODE 1 gave errors and why the CODE2 compiled 
successfully. CODE 1, has the ITTTE instruction after which four statements for the IT block. They should all be given 
conditional codes. But, there is no conditional code given for either of them. So, the error.
CODE2 on the other hand has the ITTTE instruction, and the four subsequent instructions that form the IT block, 
also have conditional codes, and three consecutive ones have the same conditional code as LT (which is the 'cond' here), 
and the the last one ( which corresponds to else) has GT (opposite to LT). Thus, all conditions and restrictions are 
satisfied with the CODE2 so it compiles successfully.
